Demonstar Satanator

	by Peter Hunt

	Demonstar Satanator is a mythological machine that exists in this world. The government has attempted to keep it's existense unknown, and has succeeded... until now. The machine known as Demonstar Satanator is of unknown origin, but is said to have descended from the cosmos onto Earth, and has remained here to this very day.
	To describe the Demonstar Satanator, one would have to describe a creation of hell's arsenal. The machine is a sentient colossal robot that stands at about 70 feet tall. It appears as a giant mechanical minotaur. It has rocket boosters on it's back to allow it to travel through space and the atmosphere of any planet. It has high-powered laser emitters protruding from it's mouth. It can crush anything with it's tri-claws, and has flamethrowers in the middle of them. It can cause earthquakes by blasting energy from it's hooves onto the ground. It is said that it could even split small moons into multiple pieces with this attack. It's most powerful attribute by far, however, is it's seeminly indestructible design. It has survived nuclear blasts from the government, only taking slight damage. It also is capable of healing itself by performing a satanic ritual.
	
	In 1951, the U.S. government first discovered the Demonstar Satanator in the deserts of Southern Nevada. In response, the government began detonating nuclear devices around the region it was discovered in an attempt to destroy it. The Demonstar Satanator was damaged in the Storax Sedan Nuclear Detonation, in which it was lured to a metal tower while a nuclear explosive was waiting deep underground. After this incident it seemingly disappeared for several years.

	For a short amount of time, the government was successful in keeping the Demonstar Satanator contained in a deepsea holding chamber. Eventually, the Demonstar Satanator was able to free itself by melting the walls of it's cell with it's flamethrowers. It escaped and was able to tap into radio signals and told the U.S. government that it would seek vengeance for it's confinement by destroying the world trade center. In order to prevent the Demonstar Satanator from making the world known of it's presence, President George W. Bush issued an executive order to hire a team of Saudi Arabians to hijack planes and destroy the world trade center before the Demonstar Satanator could do so itself. The executive order called for 4 planes to be hijacked, 2 planes would crash into the buildings, and 2 backup planes in case the other 2 didn't get hijacked properly. If the 2 primary planes were hijacked properly, they would reroute the other 2 to crash into the U.S. capitol and the pentagon. Once the towers were struck, the Demonstar Satanator then contacted the government and told them that it was just joking and wasn't actually going to destroy the world trade center. Ever since then the government has been hunting the Demonstar Satanator.
	