Franklin the Faggot

    by Peter Hunt


	There once was a boy named Franklin the Faggot. He always acted like a complete fucking faggot everywhere he went. He wasn't actually a fucking faggot, he just acted hella fucking queer. One day when he was walking to school, 3 kids who were riding bikes called him a faggot. He got very emotional and started crying like a fucking baby. He then responded by saying "You guys are jerks!". This is when the jerks got off their bikes and one of them pulled out a big knife. They chased Franklin the Faggot into a dark alleyway and cornered him behind a dumpster. They began terrorizing him by telling him all the fucked up things they were going to do to him with the knife. One of them said they were going to cut off Franklin the Faggot's ears. Another one said they would stab him in the gut and watch him bleed to death. Finally, the last jerk said he was going to stick the knife up Franklin the Faggot's butt. This confused Franklin the Faggot greatly. Franklin the Faggot then asked the kid "If you want to stick the knife up my butthole, doesn't that make you a faggot?" The jerk then looked very embarrassed and nervous. "N-No that doesn't make me a faggot. I was j-just thinking of ways to t-torture you." the kid said nervously. The other jerks then directed their attention to him. "I believe that does make you a faggot. Maybe we should cut your ears off instead you little pathetic queer." said one of the jerks. They then grabbed the kid and forced him into the corner between the building and the dumpster. "Let's make this quick. We don't want to cause any noise complaints." Franklin the Faggot watched in awe and disgust as they began sawing the poor kid's ears off with the serrated part of the knife blade. The screams of agony coming from the boy's mouth were horrifying. They were real. The thought sent shivers down Franklin the Faggot's spine. In the horror movies he had seen as a kid, the screams were terrifying, but they were fake. Someone was being paid to sound like they were in agony. These screams were of raw agonizing pain. The blood began gushing out from the side of the boy's head. It ran down his neck and began to soak the boy's shirt on his shoulder. After both ears were cut off, the other kids tore the boy's shirt of and started stabbing the boy in the gut. This is when Franklin the Faggot pussied out and ran away to get an adult. He saw a woman across the street and ran right toward her. It was just then when some idiot piece of shit who was staring at the cell phone in his lap ran right over Franklin the Faggot. He was knocked unconscious upon impact. He awoke to find himself tied to a chair in a dark room with a coffin in the center of the room. He felt a sharp pain in his ankle and looked down to see that his right foot was gone. A bloody stump was all that was left. He began to scream in pain and terror. Franklin the Faggot heard a door open behind him, but was unable to turn his head to see who was approaching because his neck still hurt from getting run over by a car. He heard a woman whisper into his ear "You are here to die.". At this point he was crying from the pain and from being scared like a lil' pussy. The woman walked around toward the front of him. He immediately noticed she was wearing nothing but underpants. Despite the pain and terror, he felt his crotch get rock-hard. He also noticed that it was the same woman he saw across the street just before he was run over. The woman then laid down in the coffin with her legs hanging over the sides. The door opened behind him again. This time it was a dude. The dude walked into the center of the room and said "Remember me? I'm the dumbshit who ran you over. I'm really sorry about that. Your ankle broke in the accident, so I figured I would just rip it clean off so that it wouldn't be a problem any more." Franklin the Faggot then started crying even harder. "You've ruined my life you jerk. I hope you die!" said Franklin the Faggot. The man then said "That's not very nice." He then looked over at the lady in the coffin. He got on top of her and ripped her underwear right off. The two started fucking right in the coffin. The dude stopped for a second, looked over at Franklin the Faggot, and said "Once I cum, you're dead." They then started banging again. It was really loud and aggressive banging. Franklin the Faggot was crying. He knew it was a matter of minutes before he would be dead. He would never see his family again. He would never get to walk his dog again. He would never get to feed his goldfish again. He would never get to see those jerks on the bikes again. He then remembered what happened in the dark alleyway. Just then, the door behind him slammed open. Two short people ran into the center of the room. They were the same jerks from the dark alleyway! "Don't worry Franklin the Faggot, we'll get you out!" one of them said. "What the hell are you doing!?!" said the dude in the lady. Before he could get his dick out of the woman's tightass pussy, one of the jerks stabbed him right in the back. He began screaming like a chimpanzee. It was a funny sight indeed. Franklin the Faggot was laughing so hard he almost forgot his right foot was missing. The jerks began stabbing the dude in the back multiple times. He eventually stopped screaming and vomited all over the woman's face. She was completely oblivious to what was going on up until this point because of the pleasure that the dude's throbbing penis was giving her. The woman was screaming now. The jerks backed up as the dude was vomiting. The dude finished expelling his last meal and got up out of the coffin. He then collapsed onto the floor. The woman in the coffin couldn't stop screaming. The two jerks then looked over to Franklin the Faggot. They noticed that his crotch was rock-hard. "Hey, it looks like you're not a faggot afterall. We'll call you Franklin the Farmer from now on." said one of the boys. "Franklin the Farmer, I like that name." said Franklin the Farmer. "Wait a sec, why were you guys looking at my crotch? Doesn't that make you faggots?" he said. "Did you just call us faggots?" said one of the boys menacingly. They began approaching Franklin the Farmer and holding their knife up. "Umm, guys y-you've got a big misundersta-" Before Franklin the Farmer could finish his sentence, he was stabbed in the heart by one of the jerks. Everything went black. The End. The moral of the story is: DON'T CALL PEOPLE FAGGOTS.