Last Saturday School

    by Peter Hunt




*Read the following text with an angry turkish accent in mind*


Mr. Altun recording a video diary moments before his death in a hospital:

	Hello. I am Mr. Altun. Right now, I am in the emergency room. I was at saturday school, monitoring the students, and all of the sudden, I heard a loud noise coming from outside. I left saturday school to check what it was, and I saw a man with a gun. The gun looked like an AK 47. He shot it right into my chest. I fell to the ground and he kneeled down beside me, and said "I give YOU saturday school!". "Hey you are a copycat! I give you lunch detention!", I said to him. I called into the saturday school to get help from the students. They asked me "How can we help if we're in saturday school and you're in the hallway?", and I said "I don't know.". Eventually a teacher walked by and asked "Mr. Altun, what happened? Did you lose control of the saturday school kids again?". I said "No you stupid whore! A man came with an AK 47 and shot me and gave me saturday school! Call 911 now!" So they rushed me into an ambulance and before I left I told one of the police officers "Keep an eye on the saturday school. I don't want anyone running out!". I got to the emergency room where they told me that I would not make it. I would die from the wound inflicted by the gunshot, and the shame of getting saturday school.
	I once spoke to a wise man and said "I don't know what I should do for a living. Please give me advice great wise man.". The wise man looked down to me and said "Do what your heart tells you to.". I replied "I like to give saturday school, and lunch detention too." He said "Go be a principle at a middle school. There, you can give all the saturday schools and lunch detentions you want.", so I became Mr. Altun, the legendary lunch detention and saturday school giver.
	I have now decided that my dying wish is to give one last saturday school. After I am dead, one student will be chosen at random. They will find a note in their locker telling them that they have been given my last ever saturday school. That saturday school will be the most grueling and unforgiving saturday school in the history of Mr. Altun's reign of saturday school terror.
	I spoke again to the wise man and told him "Great wise one, there are too many students. I cannot give them all saturday schools myself. What should I do?" The wise man said "I'll help you then." The wise man, also known as Mr. P. became a P.E. teacher at my school and nearly surpassed my own level of saturday school giving. Mr. P. is actually right by my side in the emergency room. Here he is.

	Mr. P: 'Hey kids, it's Mr. P. here. I have noticed some of you talking about me in the changing room. I heard on of you saying that your mom is going to spank me with a mace. I will have you know that I will not stand for this. Both you and your mom will get a saturday school if I catch you saying stuff like this again. Also RIP Mr. Altun, you were a great principle. I'll have trouble giving as many saturday schools as you when I take over as the new principle.'

	That's Mr. P. What a great guy isn't he? He will do well as my saturday school successor. Anyways, I think I am about to die. I feel my heart slowing down. I'm sad, and scared. I don't know what my last words will be, but...   HEY! YOU! NO RUNNING IN THE EMERGENCY ROOM! I GIVE YOU A SATURDAY SCHOOL! *dies*


	THE END

