Bradley's Minecraft Addiction

    by Peter Hunt


	A young chubby boy named Bradley has a very unusual condition: MINECRAFT ADDICTION. It seems he is dependent on the computer game "Minecraft". His condition requires that he play Minecraft approximately every 6 hours. Prolonged seperation from said computer game renders Bradley in mild discomfort and pain. When approaching 6 hours away from the game, Bradley will begin to experience splitting pain in his head everytime he experiences something that reminds him of Minecraft. After 6 hours without the video game, Bradley will be consumed in immobilizing pain. Any attempt at physical contact with Bradley at this point will result in extremely hostile behavior and he will most likely injure or damage whoever or whatever touched him. It is impossible to transport Bradley at this point, and any hope to communicate with him are forever lost now. By the time about 7 hours have passed, Bradley will seemingly be freed of the immobilizing pain. Instead, at this point, he will begin to act out Minecraft in real life. He will start punching trees, digging holes with his bare hands, and attacking nearby people and animals. This will continue for quite some time. In such a situation, the surrounding 5 miles will be put into lockdown and all residents within this area will be required to evacuate to a safe distance. After approximately 40 hours without Minecraft, Bradley will begin to take on significant changes in appearance, most notably a more orthogonal anatomy. Bradley's head, arms, legs, and torso will all begin to form a rectangular shape. His hands and feet will begin to be indistinguishable from his arms and legs. By the time Bradley has undergone the complete metamorphosis, he will have lost all memory. At this point, he is no longer legally considered human. This form of Bradley is code named "Steve". It has also been determined that this form is incapable of reproducing, and as a result is concluded to be genderless. Steve seems to be capable of transmitting Minecraft addiction through a process of punching an individual. The Minecraft addiction immediately takes effect and the recipient is overwhelmed with a desire to play Minecraft, even if the individual has never played or even heard of the computer game.

	It is unknown how Minecraft addiction originated. It was likely a mutation that occured in Bradley's brain when he first played Minecraft. It is also possible that extremely obsessive behavior toward the game changed his behavior and made him physically dependent on the video game. One thing is certain: His existence is a threat to humanity.