- Sleep Paralysis -

Here is where I log some of my experiences with sleep paralysis. I hate sleep paralysis and I wish it would just go away, but it keeps happening. It typically appears in waves, where there will be a few weeks where I have sleep paralysis every few nights, then it will not happen at all for a couple months, and then it comes back for a few weeks again.


1: My first sleep paralysis was at about 3:00 AM sometime in September of 2016. I woke up after a weird dream and I heard what sounded like an animal vomiting outside of my bedroom door. I thought I was still in a dream for a bit, but when I realized I was awake, I tried to move and instantly realized what was happening. I heard of sleep paralysis before this and knew a little bit about it, so I kinda freaked out when I realized that I was having it. I remember hearing a really scary and heavy heartbeat noise the whole time and I eventually was freed of the paralysis. I had no hallucinations that time, but I was scared like a mothafucka.

2: My second experience with sleep paralysis was the same day as my first. I woke up again after falling asleep after the first episode, and laid down in bed for a few minutes and, sure enough, I got stuck again. I was laying on my back and facing my bedroom door. I saw two figures that looked like tall, skinny pink teletubbies standing on either side of my doorway. I tried to move during the sleep paralysis and noticed that it felt like I was jumping out of my bed towards my door several times before I became free.

3: Another sleep paralysis experience I had was after I woke up and was getting ready for work one morning. I laid down for just a second after getting up and became paralyzed. I was lying face down at the time and I was there for a few minutes. I then was wondering if visual hallucinations could also interact with me physically and give me the sense that I was being "touched". It was just then that my question was answered when I felt "it" grab a handful of my ass. I was back up and at it instantly after that perverted encounter.

4: Here's another weird one. I remember waking up and being paralyzed one morning. It was light out because it was probably about 9:00 AM on a weekend when this happened. I was lying on my side with my face down buried in my blanket. I could've sworn I was able to move my head for a second when I was still paralyzed, because I looked up and saw 5 Jesus Christs standing in my room with blue energy coming out of their mouths and going directly into my chest. I then fell back asleep apparently and had a really weird psychadelic dream of some sort.

5: This one was kinda scary and weird. I was having a dream where for some reason I really wanted to run down my street in the middle of the night wearing nothing but my underwear. I then woke up and saw a skull sorta thing hovering over my head that kept blinking in and out of existence. I closed my eyes, but I could still see it beneath my eyelids. I then went back into a dream where I was in the front room of my house and it was dark because it was at night. I was crouching in the corner and my sister was standing across the room looking at her phone. She the must've heard me there because she shined her phone at me to see who was there, and I got up and ran out the front door. Then I woke up. 

6: There was one time where I woke up and fell into paralysis. I couldn't see much but then I felt as if I was getting out of bed and to the right of my bed I saw an alien looking thing that had half of it's head covered by a skull with a horn coming out of it. It was pretty creepy.

7: I had another experience where I woke up and saw what looked like a burglar in my room. It had a gray hoodie with the hood up and wearing a hockey mask. It started walking toward me and I remember seeing it a little to the right of me before it went away. When I got up I saw what looked like a piano sticking out of my wall for a second.

8: This was probably the most horrifying experience I have had up to this point. It was Saturday, May 16th 2020. I had woken up to get breakfast which was french toast. I ate about half of it then I passed back out. It started with me having a really weird dream. I'm gonna go off on an explanation of the dream before I get into the paralysis episode.
	I was in New York City with my dad, and we were at the new World Trade Center, not the one from 9/11. While we were there, it happened to get hit by a plane AGAIN, so we left on a road trip back to California. On the way back we stopped at a strange, but huge, golf course that had a deep water canal running by it, with a bigass container ship in it. There was a railroad running along the canal as well which had an abandoned train on it. We walked further into the golf course and we saw a full size Thomas the Tank Engine running on the railroad. It was a disturbing Thomas, however, and I recall telling my dad in the dream that it scared me, and it looked like it wanted to kill me, and it had a very hostile looking face. At some point in the golf course, I asked my dad where we were, and he said we were in Naomi, Kentucky, which as far as I know doesn't exist IRL. Anyways eventually we found a mexican restaurant in the golf course, and I climbed on top of it, and that's pretty much where my dream ended and the paralysis started.
	I wake up and quickly realizing I'm having a paralysis episode. It's been a very long time at this point since the last one, which must've been over a year ago, maybe almost two years ago. I closed my eyes and begun hearing a deafening screeching/screaming noise. I figured I must open my eyes to see what could be causing the noise. So I open them and I see a dark figure near the corner of my room and it very quickly jumped out of my field of view. I then thought to myself "that wasn't so bad". So after closing my eyes again, I open them to see something that still haunts me. I see a head popping out from next to my bed. I can't see if there's a body attached to it because it is blocked by the frame of my bed, but I notice that it's eyes are gouged out, and there's bloud gushing from it's eyes and mouth. The head was also bald and appeared to be wearing a black beanie, much like one I own. It is also spinning slowly counter-clockwise. At this point I would be screaming if I was capable of doing so. I closed my eyes, and then for some reason that is still unknown to me, I open them again, and once again I see something very disturbing, in the place of the head, I see a bare human torso, but it appears to have it's head cut off as well as the arms cut off at the elbows. It is flailing around what is left of it's arms and is acting very crazy while slowly spinning like the head was. I closed my eyes trying to remind myself that this is not really happening, and not long after, I am freed from the paralysis.
